[Music]
extreme speed sky-high power and
incredible stunts there's just something
about not only being on a motorcycle but
also watching them in action it just
really gets our engines going when you
add jaw-dropping records done with these
two-wheeled speed machines into the mix
then you're in for one thrilling ride I
mean just imagine trying to pull off
number seven the longest moto journey
ever ah the romance and excitement of
the open road in front of you and all
your worries behind your back there is
one man that can confirm this feeling of
utter freedom at any time his name is
Emilio Scott oh and he's a photo
journalist and writer that traveled a
mind-blowing 450 7,000 miles around the
world on his motorcycle the trip started
in 1985 in Buenos Aires Argentina where
Scotto was living at the time on his
Honda Goldwing interstate dubbed black
princess he visited about 232 countries
and took over 90,000 photos of our
beautiful planet he even managed to get
married to his girlfriend Monica Pinot
in New Delhi India in 1991 since then
his wife wrote as his copilot for the
rest of the ten-year trip until its
conclusion in 1995 it took 12 thousand
five hundred gallons of gasoline 350
gallons of oil 13 filled up passports
nine seat replacements and two engines
to make this epic journey boy I know my
butt would have worn out several times
over in 2007 Scotto published a book
about his travels called the longest
ride filled with pictures and details of
his ripped sounds like a great read
number 6 look ma no hands those are last
words if I ever heard them riding great
distances on a bike is one thing but
going for a marathon without touching
the handlebars is something completely
different
well the nickname no hands man may be
somewhat questioned
when you first hear it Philco mah earned
this strange title after breaking the
world record for the longest continuous
hands-free ride on a motorcycle the ride
went on for 588 miles imagine riding a
motorcycle from Dallas Texas to
Albuquerque New Mexico without touching
the handles how was that even possible
well his harley-davidson was supplied
with an extra 11 gallon fuel tank and
modified in such way that co Mart didn't
need to use the throttle on the
handlebar and was able to control the
speed with his legs only number five the
longest wheelie
if you think that only high-end racing
bikes can accomplish something
incredible you might want to think twice
some prefer to start small and then aim
for the stars
take for example Masaru a be a famous
Japanese scooter enthusiast that was the
first in the world to ride a little
yamaha jog for 310 miles continuously on
one wheel at the speed he was going it
took him 13 hours to pull it off and if
you're thinking and aching back and legs
were his biggest worries they actually
weren't given the size of this scooter
it just couldn't go that long without
running out of gas so Abhi's team
brought it to him and fill the gas tank
right on the go the previous record
holder was also a Japanese rider yes a
Yuki Kudo who was able to ride on one
wheel for 206 miles in 1991 kudos to him
his record wasn't beaten until 2017 when
Masaru ABI came along and smashed it
number four the one wheeled speed
monster the longest wheelie on a scooter
is an astonishing achievement but the
word motorcycle itself speaks of speed
and power
so other motor enthusiasts have also
tried to break the record for the
fastest wheelie Ashley there's a whole
annual motorcycle wheelie World
Championship held at the abandoned
moving to an airfield in North Yorkshire
England motorcyclists have been
competing here for over 14 years now so
it's no wonder this is the place where
legends and records are born with a top
speed of 218 miles per hour the fastest
wheelie was achieved by Ted Brady in
2017 for this record
he turbocharged his Suzuki Hayabusa for
extra power which obviously paid off no
one has been able to reach that speed
since but the competition continues as
others try to break Brady's record by
hitting what they deem a very plausible
to 20 miles per hour wheelie well good
luck to you oh yeah and it's probably
worth mentioning the Scandinavian answer
to the fastest one wheel ride on a
motorcycle it's the same thing only on
ice with spikes on the tires of his BMW
s1000xr Swedish motorcycle racer Robert
gull reached 128 miles per hour on ice
while popping a wheelie since 2015 this
record still holds up number three
surfing motorcycle riding on ice that's
too easy try riding on liquid water and
catching a wave instead at least that's
probably what famous daredevil robbie
maddison was thinking when deciding to
try and make a dirt bike ride on water
mounting skis to the bike seemed to be
the easiest part of the whole plan the
hardest part was probably learning how
to ride this newly born aquatic
monstrosity
even though Madison is a master stunt
rider he did struggle to handle the bike
after all this thing could only stay on
top of the water at a speed of 30 miles
per hour and higher any slower and
Madison's mad invention would sink to
the bottom number two the longest flight
on a motorcycle hmm nice riding check
water riding check the only thing left
is flying in the air
fortunately motorcyclists do that all
the time and yet again stuntman
Robbie Maddison holds the record for
this - in 2008 he flew over a distance
of 351 feet and successfully landed it
at Calder Park Raceway in Melbourne
Australia he skyrocketed from a ramp
going 103 miles per hour and topped a
dizzying 65 foot height during this time
[Music]
when people ask Madison how he does such
things he answers that he just feels
what angle the ramp needs to be at and
what speed needs to be reached for a
jump to be made the hardest part for him
is landing he's had a lot of back
injuries throughout his career his hero
poster probably decorates more
orthopedic offices than he cares the
count hmm that's all the more reason to
leave this stuff to the pros folks
number one flipping the stunt game there
was a long period of time when racers
and stunt performers thought that a
double backflip on a motorcycle was just
impossible but I'll bet they're all
eating their words now knowing that
someone did a triple backflip the name
of this fearless hero is Josh Sheehan
also known as the Unicorn for his unique
and unmatched skills in 2015 at
pastranaland in Maryland he flipped a
new page in the history of motorcycle
stunts and in case you were wondering
yes that place is named in the honor of
travis Pastrana who was the first to
ever land a double backflip which is
considered challenging enough even to
this day so which one of these records
would you be interested in breaking if
you could let me know down in the
comments section me well I've already
used up my 9 live skydiving so I'm just
happy to watch thanks don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click that subscribe
button to stay on the bright side of
life